 The folder titled 'Rahber Login and Video Course 2' contains the code for an app demo. It is not as polished looking as I would like but given time I can make it look better.
The app allows you to register new users, login and out, and view two courses. The course links open to tutorial videos and quizzes, if you successfully complete the quiz, you can 
move to the next lesson. Moving forward with thie app development, I would not only like to add more aesthetically, but more course content. This inludes not only more videos but also dedicated quiz pages where several quiz questions are asked before you are allowed to progress, these questions I hope to link with the recomenation algorithum I developed. Having questions that the user had trouble with being asked again in order to refresh their memory and develop their progress. 

The 'recomenadtion_algorithum' file uses machine learning techniques to develop a recommendation algorithm. There are comments that explain the code as well as 
a short explanation on the logic behind the machine learing techniques. Each cluster displayed at the end of the algorithm represents the predictions for films a viewer would enjoy if they ranked the film at the top of the list highly. This algorithm will translate well for Rabher's data. After a user chooses their first course they will be put into an initial cluster, and given their recommendations, I would like to explore including functionalities that allow a user to like or dislike recommendations in order to train the algorithm further. A prediction cycle should be executed for a user every time they choose a course, and when they like or dislike a course. I would enjoy building an algorithm that constantly self-updates.  

My solution to task 2 is attached as a pdf to the email I sent you. 
